1) We need Jupyter notebooks that contain the bash code used for running dStruct and diffBUM-HMM for each Figure.
The goal is that people can download the repository and simply run the code from within the folder.
(changed to including instructions for which scripts/notebooks to run in order to repeat our analyses) - almost done :)

2) We need to check what figures that are no longer used can be removed. (done)

3) We need to weed through the "Old" folder and decide what to do with the data in it. (done)

4) @Toby, could you made a notebook of the code that you used to download and analyse the rRNA data? I believe this was done using the pyCRAC_PE pipeline? (done)

Additional items added by Toby on 23rd July 2020:

5) Check and regenerate the 35S LDR and p-value plots, after correcting for swap in input data.(done!)


6) Check and update the input file paths to the mature rRNA analysis notebook (figure 4). (done)

7) Check the analysis for mature rRNAs. Seems that an old set of posteriors (generated Oct 2019) was used to do the analysis, instead of the 
corrected set generated in June 2020 (i.e. after the big debug).
Posteriors are the same except the updated ones are shifted 1 nt towards the beginning of the molecule. (done, and discussed)

8) double check if it's correct for HMM to output identical UM and MU posteriors for control (identical) datasets. (done) 

9) Find the dStruct output on Xist not-scaled data. (DONE)

10) Add a cell in the figure 5 notebook that reads the dStruct output (scaled and not scaled) and makes it into a dataframe 
marking DRRs along the length of the Xist RNA. (DONE by Paolo)

11) Finish instructions for readme.md file, need to finalize the section describing the pipeline.

12) Check if all scripts can be run from start to finish, and if all outputs are reproducible. (DONE by Paolo - APART from Jupyter notebook of figure 4, and any python script)

Additional items added by Paolo

13) PyCRAC installation for Windows gives problems. 
Required for Jupyter notebook "Nucleotide_analyses" inside "Figure_5/Hypergeometric_test_Xist_bindingsites" directory, and also for figure_4 notebook.
Need to check for precise instructions with Sander since he developed the package.

14) PDF file titled "deltaSHAPE_diffBUM_HMM_dStruct_comparision_5ETS.pdf" inside Figure_2_3 directory inside Jupyter notebooks has some weird red highlighting. 
In some portions of the figure. No idea why. Same figure in the paper seems fine... (Reply by Toby: red boxes is to highlight the regions
where primer extention analysis data is available. This is replaced by gray shading in figure 2B.)

15) Create requirements.txt file at the end of the project --> Paolo

16) What do we do with the "sanity_check_xist_shape_reac.R" script and associated jupyter notebook? 
(from Toby: can we also delete the transition matrices.R file from the Functions folder as well? Seems like there is no use for it anymore.) - resolved

17) Based on latest results, it seems that we will need to regenerate figures SF3 and Fig 4B. (done by Sander)

Items added by Toby after Skype call with Sander on 27 July 2020:

18) @Sander, please help us update figure 4 and supplementary figure 3, thank you! (done)

19) Check for paper, figures and comments in scripts for mentions of log drop-off/mutation rates, 
should have been log drop-off/mutation rate ratios, or log-ratios of drop-off/mutation rates. (DONE)

20) Seems we will also have to amend Figure 1..

OUTSTANDING ITEMS (29 JULY 2020):

13) PyCRAC installation for Windows gives problems, try with WSL Ubuntu layer.
Required for Jupyter notebook "Nucleotide_analyses" inside "Figure_5/Hypergeometric_test_Xist_bindingsites" directory, and also for figure_4 notebook.

15) Create requirements.txt file at the end of the project --> Paolo

16) What do we do with the "sanity_check_xist_shape_reac.R" script and associated jupyter notebook? 
(from Toby: can we also delete the transition matrices.R file from the Functions folder as well? Seems like there is no use for it anymore.)

20) Amend Figure 1 (waiting to hear back from Sander).

11) Finish instructions for readme.md file.